Nursing Homes are one of the fastest growing practices in the country today. With 60,000 nursing homes currently running in the country, it is difficult to find one that best suits everyone's needs. The nursing home finder is the end to all of your problems. This project is intended to ease the search process and help adults (25 and above) find a perfect nursing home for their parent(s). We have based this project on the official datasets available on the Medicare.gov   Nursing Home Compare Website provided by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. This dataset allows one to compare the quality of care at every Medicare and Medicaid-certified Nursing Home currently running in the country.

This tool will help you compare nursing homes in 50 states. Initially you would see the national map with a table showing the basic provider information(Name, Phone Number, Address, City, State, Fines and Overall Rating). You can choose a state from the drop down on the side, and you would see a close up map of your state, with location maps for each nursing home. You can hover over the location pins to see the names of the nursing homes. Below the map, the table is filtered to the specific state’s nursing homes. You can also filter the overall rating (from 1 to 5), and see the nursing homes with/without fines or all of them, according to your choices. This will further filter the location points and the table.

You can select a specific nursing home at a time, and then toggle between the General Provider Information, Ratings and Penalties and Other Information for the specific nursing home on the side. The General Information tab will show the Name, Address and the Phone Number of the nursing homes. The Ratings and Penalties tab will show more specific ratings and penalties such as Overall Rating, Health Inspection Rating, Staffing Rating, Registered Nurse Staffing Rating and the Total Amount of fine due. The Other Information tab has information on the maximum capacity of residents(that is, the number of certified beds), the current residents, the reported hours out of expected hours for Certified Nursing Assistant(CNA), Licensed Practical Nurses (LPN), Registered Nurses(RN) and for all nurses.

You also have the ability to search the table and select the number of specific entires you would like to see in the table. There is a glossary available for you to help understand the difference between the different types of Nurses available and their respective information given in the table.

You can toggle to another tab to view the statistical analysis available for this project. There you will see a pie chart displaying the variant frequencies of the overall ratings, according to the state that you choose. There is also a bar graph where you will be able to see the comparison of the ratings with the maximum penalty for that rating, for the nursing homes in the state that you have chosen.

Click this link to view the app: https://liorlevy.shinyapps.io/info201-final-project-AB4/
